Oh
I could get used to a view like this yep
I'm used to it guys I want to castle ah
the kingdom it is beautiful clapping
dancing general merrymaking not a care
in the world at least for most folks see
that handsome fellow running for his
life
that is me they just can't get my nose
right and that Tower well in that tower
there lived a girl who was just waiting
for her life
to begin we really hit it off
how you doing
gentleman that I am I decided to help
her I'm prepared to offer you a deal she
could not resist me I didn't want to
have to do this but you leave me no
choice here comes the smolder you come
in blondie and before we knew it we
began to uncover some secrets I have to
know what they are I mean this is
serious stuff
that just might turn this kingdom upside
down run ed Oh ed bars in arms in knees
apart knees apart knees apart
something brought you here fades destiny
a horse kasam your finest table please
who's that they don't like me let's just
assume for the moment that everyone in
here doesn't like
this is kind of an off day for me this
doesn't normally happen go live your
tree I will your dream stinks I was
talking to her